[Music]
Hi, how are you family? How are you?
Well, I hope you're having a
spectacular Tuesday. I've been feeling
ill for a few days now, my throat is a bit so-so,
in fact, I'm not
100% healthy yet, it still tickles a little
and so on. But anyway, at least we
can talk. You know, the last few posts, well,
the last few
live appearances, videos and so on, well, it was really
noticeable and I had to take
a couple of days off because otherwise it's really, really, really bad.
The truth is that I was
going completely hoarse. I don't get too
sick lately. I think I'm
talking too much and I'm really on a roll
and in the end I'm going to lose my voice. I don't
know, I don't know how you would all cope if I
had to disappear for so long
and not speak, but anyway, I hope to be able to
talk at least long enough to
tell you what I want to tell you in this
video, pay
attention because it's not going to leave you
indifferent at all. And Ana Bernal Triviño
has shown up again and
honestly, just like I posted on
Twitter, I would like someone to
tell me.  I would like someone to tell me
these girls where they say they studied
Where they say they studied And where they
acquired their knowledge so as not to
recommend it more than anything it is worth it because the
barbarity And the nonsense that You are going to
hear that she has written and she has published it
in the press because she has
published it in the press this girl I already
throw myself on the floor and make a croquette
Because also well Because also later I will
tell you something better Ana
Bernal triviño before starting with the
video as always I ask you because I am a
bore to ask you all first of all to
thank you before asking not to
thank you for the support that you
are giving to the Channel that even when I have to
go for a couple of days or
whatever the channel is still active and you are there
watching the videos updating maybe
if you
direct news or whatever and the
truth is that you let me you let me
rest for a couple of days but well let's
get used to it that we are already here and Well
before starting with the subject ask you
all please to subscribe if you
are arriving to this channel and I  did you
know subscribe please And if you
knew me and you weren't subscribed
please check it out And subscribe okay it
's very important to me well you already
know about this this journalist is not the one who
was accompanying Carlota
corredera during her Odyssey through the
last steps she took in mediaset And the thing is that
Carlota corredera well you already know that she
was immediately removed from mediaset
when the whole issue ended Well in
fact before the whole
Rocío Carrasco issue ended they already removed her
as if that were going to provoke some
improvement in the image that we have of
Rocío Carrasco and in not letting us buy her
story Carlota corredera behaved
in a rather sectarian manner that
caused a lot of repulsion in the public and that's why
the audience plummeted among
many other things no Carlota corredera
never worked at mediaset again
they put her on a program that lasted two
literal weekends two
weekends they aired the program And it was an
absolute failure and now apparently
definitely well it is that if Irene
Montero puts her I don't know where now apparently she
has recorded something  on
Canarian television which I think is the thing about
wonderful people But in another
Autonomous community look No I almost run into
her no and Anabelle al triviño well she is
a person who is more or less the same
as Carlota corredera What happens is that
with less power less credibility and
less and less
where people do not when it comes to expressing themselves when it comes to
communicating not when it comes to
imposing themselves No I have known her for a long
time we have had our ups and
downs because this girl has
supported things
against me quite ugly quite
escrachadoras and of which very
probably in a short time not much
time I will be able to tell not so that you can
compare how she behaves in some cases
and how she behaves in others no to
start in fact
very soon I would like to talk to you
about a quite serious criminal case that she
Ana Bernal Treviño that case on one
occasion was provisionally dismissed
and despite the fact that the indications are not a
criminal case of gender violence it is something
else I will tell you in detail
when when I can and when there is
news I will tell you but it is a case
that everything pointed to that when the
they dismissed it was a mistake okay I mean
everything pointed to the signs they pointed to bad bad
Okay when when
we talk about the subject many of you will
realize the situation no but she
applauded that it was dismissed at that
time no and now later It turns out that
that case was opened and taken to
trial and she has remained silent she hasn't said anything
very much I'm looking forward to her speaking out
on that case But anyway if
she doesn't speak out then news will come out
and things will come out and I will be able to tell you
not so that you can see that this
girl's opinion is worthless I mean this girl gives her opinion
based on friendships Okay and she uses her pen
to harm and to tarnish the image
the enemies of her friends sink
ideologies also no anyway I will
tell you well okay but for now
look at what Carlota corredera posted
sharing a post by this
girl on Instagram not so much Julia Otero
as those of us who have received threats
after programs every day with Rocío
we know that this is not a symptom of
how a country is portrayed how much machismo
remains how much is attacked  victims and
how much equality remains to be built was there no
better example a completely
pathetic and ridiculous 8m the truth is I don't
understand come on I imagine it's due
to ideologies and things like that No
because now I always say that always
a torn for a sewn no and there will be
directors and network chiefs who are like that
No because come on you can't give a
voice to someone like that I say it clearly you can't
give a voice to someone like that look at this
paragraph well I'm going to read this
paragraph to you and it's an outrage on
Spanish television there has been everything
throughout history even
interviews with names that have been
convicted of crimes in their life and nobody
asked for a boycott Rocío Carrasco could go
both with a sentence in her favor as she
has in the conflict with her daughter as
to remember her file that indicates
guilt for her nor innocence for
her accused nor false accusation or in other words
here Ana Bernal Treviño told the
grapefruit Okay so she is telling us that
the file of the case of Rocío Carrasco
against Antonio David does not indicate does not indicate
the innocence of Antonio David to me
this seems like a gem to embark on  I mean, I
think that Carlota Corredera would have
put on the crown, okay, she would have
put on the crown
to make it clear what kind of
person she is, no, in the stories
that we're talking about, I think that she hasn't put them on
because she won't have realized, but
in the stories she would have put this
paragraph by Ana Bernal Treviño, not
against the law, against
justice, no, that the filing of the case
800 million times that the filing of
the case does not indicate the innocence of the
accused, okay, I would like to know
what, for her, would indicate
innocence or not, no, let's see, for me, Ana
Bernal Treviño, apart from the fact that it does
indicate it, obviously
a person is not guilty if a judge does not
convict them. No, here, Ana Bernal Treviño, what
happens is that it is no longer indicated
or indicated to us. No, well, you're
comparing the case with the fact that Ana Orante did not
receive a conviction back in the
90s, honey, we're talking about
30 years ago, a completely
different time in which we even saw
celebrities on TV
boast about how they hit their asses,
slap their  women, I mean, we're
talking about a completely
different time in which the mentality has changed,
the law, the way we
think. But not in times, but
rather that we have changed five
years ago and six years ago, seven years ago and four years ago
and three years ago, okay, I mean, you
're talking to me 30 years ago, Ana Bernal
Triviño, okay, if we put it like that, surely there was
also some
abusive man in the Middle Ages, okay, who
was not convicted. Hey, if we put it like that,
surely there was also some homo
sapien, okay, who also abused and
murdered people and was not convicted.
Times are changing. We're talking about
Antonio David being investigated in 2017,
2018, and 2019, and here what
matters now is also not stopping to make a
value judgment like the one you're
making. No, since we don't have a
sentence as such because in none of
Rocío Carrasco's tantrums has this
been brought to trial because there is no
evidence because there is no evidence and since you're
going to compare it with the case of Ana
Orante, what I would put on the table
are the facts that
each one is denouncing, okay  They give it now before she was a
woman who did suffer
psychological and aggressive physical abuse and that
was a fact it was a fact that
even the whole family knew about okay In the case
of Rocío Carrasco what she is
denouncing as abuse Ana Bernal
Triviño find out what she is
denouncing as abuse is that the
father is defending himself in the
media battle that the two of them have in the
media battle that she starts
heart find out okay in the
media battle that she starts that because you
want to act like a feminist does not
mean that you have to do
mental gymnastics to always agree with
women because there are women who are
right and others that there are not
women who tell the truth and there are
women who say that they are
liars okay In the case of Rocío
Carrasco a lot of lies have been caught
in the documentary that do not add up
and that having the reports and the
blinded judicial information okay yes yes
we decide to publish yes we decide to
publish no if they decide to publish the
people who have them no Antonio Avis
his legal team that one day it will pass
not all the complete information  let's see
where you get yourself into and what
mental gymnastics she does, you'll probably shut up
like she did with another case, like you did
with another case that I know about, you'll shut up
and pretend you don't know anything, okay.
But what Rocio Carrasco is denouncing
is that people don't
agree with her in the media battle that she
herself started by accusing the father of her
children of children that she wants
nothing to do with. And what she wants is for
people not to think that she's a bad mother
even though she doesn't want to call him, she doesn't
want to know anything about it. Ana Bernal
Triviño I invite you to ask your
friend Rocio Carrasco a question, okay.
I invite you to ask your friend
Rocio Carrasco one, she's not your friend,
okay. She probably doesn't even like you. She's
simply using you like she's
doing with the TV factory, okay.
But I invite you to ask her a
question, why doesn't she call her son
David? Why doesn't she call her son David and
when she answers the same nonsense that she
answered, only once has it been
possible to ask her that question.  on TV
because they quickly vetoed the question
on Telecinco when I tell you no because the
father picks up the phone and threatens me
[Music]
when you answer nonsense pick up and
tell him well Rocío Call your son because
if you're so sure that the father is
going to pick up the phone and
threaten you and insult you it's the only
chance you would have to open that
case that has never been open Okay
but she doesn't call her son Ana Bernal
because she doesn't want to okay just as she doesn't
want to call her daughter or want to
forgive her while they talk to the
father because she's angry with the daughter
because the daughter has positioned herself with the
father Okay and No she lives very comfortably and does
n't feel like knowing about the children
okay go to Bernal please what an
outrage no So the file or rather
this is it This is tremendous family
what we are doing with this new
feminism And with these people who are
given a voice in a media outlet
okay
what we are doing is already
laughing at each other's bones So let
this lady come this lady come and
laugh at a judge who has years of
experience, who has
all the experience that he has
behind him, suffered, no, that you're fed up with
judges sitting there with so many
roses, no, that they use justice as if to be
given the reason as a
media weapon, no, and that an
Ana Bernal Triviño has to come and point the finger at the
judges and it's not that but rather teaching
you the law, no, I mean, this
is tremendous, eh, I mean, this is
tremendous,
that the file doesn't indicate
innocence for the accused, let's say
because even if they report you, even if they
no longer report you and treat you as
guilty, no, that's what these
people have done, no, because they go to Bernal
Treviño with me and she did it, she didn't treat me as
guilty in a complaint that hasn't even been
tried yet, no,
no, it's that she already treated me as guilty
even without me receiving the complaint,
Okay, and without there being a response to the
complaint, it's not just that, No, it's not that they
file the complaint and they treat you
as guilty and they still treat you as guilty, it
's incredible  it's incredible but
well family I think this
portrays itself and I think that
people give each person the
importance and credibility and
seriousness that they deserve but come on this
is tremendous and no it's not that
Julia Otero was pointed out for being with Rocío Carrasco
or anyone for being with Rocío Carrasco
it's that a public television
that is paid for with everyone's money
cannot be used to point out,
slander and condemn a person
who is also a citizen
okay and who has the same rights that
everyone else has okay that they do it with
Telecinco and with the TV factories
okay that they did it with the TV factory
Not because they believed in Rosa or
because they were feminists or anything in the
TV factory Ana Bernal Triviño they
did it because they reached an agreement
so that Rosito would drop the lawsuits
okay but on Spanish television you can't do
that
Okay my weapon but well anyway if she
found out about these things then she would do
her job better family what do you think
of all this I will be reading the
comments box I send you a
huge hug and until  the following video
[Music]